I know they're international news this
is last week I was alerted to the
existence of a place maybe a magical
place it's a small town called dildo
dild oh it's a real place in
Newfoundland Canada population about
1,500 people or known as dildo Tian's
and they just celebrated dildo Days an
annual event there I've been talking
about them all week and I guess this has
stirred up some excitement and gathered
now in the hottest spot in town
dildo Cove coffee and crafts I would
like everyone to say hello Wow all right
so with us tonight we have Andrew pretty
hello Andrew
hello Jimmy you are part of the Town
Council
I am on one of the seven members that
represent our town who it's a
seven-headed dildo well after all the
fears of the town and water garbage
sewer God's waiting all the important
stuff we also have Karen McDonald who is
the owner of dildo Cove coffee and
crafts hello Karen we saw you on the
news how are you
we have Karen's boyfriend Dean who's
also part of the dildo like committee
the town DNA Dean how you doing Dean's
okay great and I oka yan how are you
fine okay good and where is Jonathan
Jonathan but Jonathan's last name is
buck how many butts are there in dildo
Jonathan
I have no idea you know no imagine all
of them now I've been excited to meet
you guys can you explain the name of
your town for those who are just
learning about this well no one really
knows where the name dildo came from
uh-huh originally oh and we know that it
was recorded as early as 17 11 and it
was possibly named before that well
that's the earliest recording and the
town itself was settled in 1775 and you
decided hey we like it we're gonna stick
with this name no matter what you event
we're gonna stick with it that's good I
understand you do not have a mayor in
dildo which is a joke but I will have a
mayor you just have a chair of our
committee and that's that's essentially
in there okay who is the chair of the
committee great pretty okay oh that's a
you're related to him maybe way back not
just not closely related wait for sure
there are two unrelated pretties and
dildo oh yes Wow do you guys have a
softball team because I'd like to see
pretty and but standing right next to
each other
all right so I would I know you don't
have a mayor I would like to officially
declare my candidacy to become mayor of
dildo now
[Applause]
because I don't live there and I've
never actually been there well what do
you think my chances are slim to none
because you got to come the new plan and
get screeched in okay I didn't
understand any of that welcome you can
someone translate for me uncle Johnny
please say we're screwed in you gotta
call me catch the card you got to walk
on and do this great good job oh my
goodness we're gonna need I'm gonna need
to learn to speak dildo before we go
there all right well you know I think
just for me dildo has been it's
something everyone should know about
dildo has been living in a drawer in the
end table on the side of the bed for far
too long and I I have a lot of great
ideas for the town and one of the ideas
is merchandising do you I see you guys
have made shirts there I look but those
are new right yes yes okay well I have
some ideas there's a shirt here that
yeah I think you guys could make a lot
of money from
we've got I know Karen even got a coffee
shop there
why not along with the coffee you can
you have dill donut something for the
kids something people will they come and
that's just the start I got a million
ideas so anyway yeah what do you think
do you think this is there's a
possibility at all of this well I'll
tell you one thing I know all of us here
if you turn Newfoundland upside down we
would still know what yes I know that's
why that's why I need to move I will get
things dill done if it's the last thing
I do as a show of good faith we want to
make you our first you know here in
Hollywood we don't have any sister
cities and we would like you to be our
first official sister city and when I am
mayor of dildo this is going to connect
us so we're outside our theater right
now is installing the sign I don't know
if you can see that but right there on
Hollywood Boulevard where it all happens
people will see the word dildo and
they'll know that we are together
forever thank you
is that a drill though you're using
Guillermo that's right Jimmy okay thank
you so anyway I want you to think about
this give it some serious thought and
I'll get back to you and we'll get your
decision okay does that sound fair I can
guarantee that within a few days you'll
see a sign with our other sister city oh
nice I love it I love it we this is
gonna be great and I also want to
mention that John I understand you've
written a song about your town that's
right yes and and you guys are going to
share this right now Deena John what
song nobody wants to stand next year
right now John all right here we go this
is it
you wrote this song I did write it all
right please share it with all the world
thank
[Music]
[Applause]
far away
[Music]
[Applause]
I love all of you and I would like to be
a part of the dildo family and I will be
proud to serve as mayor of dildo thank
you all we will be back with these
hi guys i am jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though